# GroupProjectMoringaWeek5
Week 5: Data Science Prep Project Agenda Instructions Learning Outcomes Deliverables Assessment Submission Instructions During this week, we will get to test the skills that we learned during the Moringa Data Science Prep. More specifically, we will get the test our understanding of the following learning outcomes.   Learning Outcomes  I can understand what it takes to become a Data Scientist. I can adapt the project life-cycle of a typical data science project. I can demonstrate a sophisticated awareness of ethical implications relevant to the use of data. I can write code and document my workflow in a programming environment. I can recall the basics of Python programming for data science. I can obtain and manipulate data from various types of databases using the SQL language. I can evaluate the integrity of data by making decisions on data quality issues. I can perform the extraction, querying, and aggregation of data for analysis in multiple projects through common techniques and tools. I can understand mechanisms for missing data, outliers and analytic implications. Deliverables  Our deliverables for this project will include;  Presentation (Google Slides) Data Report (Google Docs) Notebook Files (Google Colab) Git Repository Assessment Overview  As Mckinsey Consultants, we have been given several projects and asked to select one project that we will work on throughout this week and present on Friday. With our team, we will help one of the following clients identify, define, and solve for a major problem within their sector in Africa.  Our TM will assign us to a team.  These sectors and the clients include;  Agriculture (World Food Organisation) Education (Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation) Health (World Health Organisation) Infrastructure, Water and Energy (UN-Water) Governance and Finance (World Bank) NB: We will select only one sector to work on.  Below is a suggested outline of our Data Report.  Problem Definition Objectives and goals Project Plan Data Sourcing Data Preparation and Quality Data Cleaning Analysis Conclusion, Recommendation, Next steps We will also be required to make use of tools that we learned during the Data Science Prep i.e CRISP-DM, Python, etc.
